Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn’t these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don’t know what to do. Love!
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fraud.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again – just watch. He can do much better!
Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man – he made a good decision.
I will build a great wall – and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me – and I’ll build them very inexpensively. 
I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
We are going to have an unbelievable, perhaps record-setting turnout for the inauguration, and there will be plenty of movie and entertainment stars. 
All the dress shops are sold out in Washington. It’s hard to find a great dress for this inauguration.
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn’t know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a Hillary flunky who lost big.
For the 100th time, I never “mocked” a disabled reporter, would never do that. Just more very dishonest media!
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending the best. They’re sending people that have lots of problems and they’re bringing those problems with us.
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending the best. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bring crime. They’re rapists… And some, I assume, are good people.
Our great African-American President hasn’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore.
If I were running ‘The View’, I’d fire Rosie O’Donnell. I mean, I’d look at her right in that fat, ugly face of hers, I’d say ‘Rosie, you’re fired.’
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.
One of they key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don’t go into government.
The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.
It’s freezing and snowing in New York – we need global warming!
I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I’m more honest and my women are more beautiful.
You’re disgusting.
The point is, you can never be too greedy.
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My IQ is one of the highest — and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure; it’s not your fault.
I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
Who wouldn’t take Kate’s picture and make lots of money is she does the nude sunbathing thing. Come on Kate!
The other candidates — they went in, they didn’t know the air conditioning didn’t work. They sweated like dogs…How are they gonna beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Look at those hands, are they small hands? And, he referred to my hands: ‘If they’re small, something else must be small.’ I guarantee you there’s no problem. I guarantee.
Thanks sweetie. That’s nice
Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin’ Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down
The only card Hillary Clinton has is the woman’s card. She’s got nothing else to offer and frankly, if Hillary were a man, I don’t think she’d get 5 percent of the vote.
The only thing she’s got going is the woman’s card, and the beautiful thing is, women don’t like her.
Number one, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.
I’m just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right?
You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write as long as you’ve got a young, and beautiful, piece of ass.
Usually if I fire somebody who’s bad, I’ll tell them how great they are. Because I don’t want to hurt people’s feelings.
I don’t wear a ‘rug’—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
You know, wealthy people don’t like me.
When I think I’m right, nothing bothers me.
There are two publics as far as I’m concerned. The real public and then there’s the New York society horseshit. The real public has always liked Donald Trump.
Give them the old Trump bullshit
I could be happy living in a studio apartment.
I have a great relationship with the blacks.
I believe [the media] like making me out to be something more sinister than I really am.
I will be so good at the military your head will spin.
No, I’m not into anal.
I don’t even consider myself ambitious.
As everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure, it’s not your fault
I put my name on buildings because it sells better. I don’t do it because, gee, I need that.
I think I’m like the largest or one of the largest [political] contributors. I’m maxed out every year.
My net worth fluctuates, and it goes up and down with markets and with attitudes and with feelings—even my own feelings—but I try.
Money is a little bit of a scorecard, but I don’t do it for the money. I do it because I really enjoy it. I love the creative process.
At Trump Tower, I know everybody that goes up, and everybody that comes down.
I love Oprah. Oprah would always be my first choice [for Vice President]
Well, someone’s doing the raping, Don! I mean, somebody’s doing it. Who’s doing the raping? Who’s doing the raping?
There is something on that birth certificate — maybe religion, maybe it says he’s a Muslim, I don’t know. Maybe he doesn’t want that. Or, he may not have one.
If I ever ran for office, I’d do better as a Democrat than as a Republican–and that’s not because I’d be more liberal, because I’m conservative.
The working guy would elect me. He likes me. When I walk down the street, those cabbies start yelling out their windows.
I think of myself as a young guy, but I’m not so young anymore. And I’ve been around for a long time. 
And it just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans.
I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it’s literally going to cease to exist.
I will be the greatest jobs president God ever created.
Bing bing, bong bong, bing bing bing
Romney — I have a Gucci store that’s worth more than Romney.
I enjoy it, I enjoy the system. I doubt I’ll ever be involved with politics beyond what I do right now, but I do enjoy the system.
I find it, a really, really beautiful thing to watch.
I don’t want the Presidency. I’m going to help a lot of people with my foundation–and for me, the grass isn’t always greener.
Perhaps I shouldn’t campaign at all, I’ll just, you know, I’ll ride it right into the White House.
How stupid are the people of Iowa?
I’m a negotiator, like you folks.
Hillary is smart, tough and a very nice person, and so is her husband. Bill Clinton was a great President. They are fine people. 
Hillary was roughed up by the media, and it was a tough campaign for her, but she’s a great trooper. Her history is far from being over.